Job Description: L3 - IVIDD Manager

?osition                     No of Position Requiretl I

                               \,IDD l'Ianager

Band/Salary                  Wrill be respon.sible./or rnancrging the tecrm o./'operators,
                             en.suring adherertce lo Sen'ice Level ,4gt'eetnents (SLAs),
Location
                             qncl c:oortlinating e/Jbctivefi, v,ith ull relet,ortl
Educational Qualifi cations
Requirements                 stakeholder,v. Analy,se rec'ut't'ing zsszie.r, iclenli.l!irtg
Work Experience              orocess gctps, ancl implentenling crtrreclive meQsures lo

                             itttTtrot,e setvice cleliveryt. The firctnager v'ill also

                             coorditrule with reler-anl dit,isiotts lo enstl'e contpliancc
                             y,ilh eslcltlished timelitte^s, mainlaiu lronsparertc)1, ana
                             etthatrce ot,et'all user,sctti,sfaction through cottlirttutus
                             pro c e,r,t itn ltrov eme t il q t t d at il o tttcr I irtn i n iI ia I it' es

                             D

                             Bengalum

                             BEIB Techi M.E/M Tech/MS/MCA/MSc or equivalent

                                      Minirnr-rm of 6 years of cxperiencc in dzrttr
                                      qu al ity man a-qe rrlent and b io rletri cs/fo re tt s i c s.
                                      rvith a tbcus on arcas such as fingcrprint

                                        analysis.

                                     Proven cxperiencc in leading ancl managing a

                                     team.

                                     Demonstrated strotrg intetpersot-tal skills and the
                                     ability to collaborate effectively rvithin a mr.rlti-
                                     discipl inary team envirollmellt.

                                     Required knor.r,ledge of Usel Interfaces (UI),
                                     \Veb portals, anci televant service tools.

                                     Experience managi ng rnLr ltipIe stakehoIder:s.

                                     I(rorvledge ol various biometr:ic modaIities.
                                     including fingerprint. iris. and facial recognitiorr

                                     technology.
Requirements        Key Skills & Technical Expertise
Iob Profile/Duties
                       . Stl'ong understanding of the Aadlraar ecosystenr,

                           Biometric Process Flow, and UIDAI service

                             deiivery mechanisms.

                       . Familiat'ity r.r,ith various biometric modalities

                           (fingerprint, iris, and tacial recognition) and

                             knorvledge on Biornetric Frauds

                       . Knowledge of User Interfaces (UI), Web portals.

                            CRM systems, data analysis tools, and relevanl

                              senrice tools.

                       . Proficiency in producing MIS repofis for

                              regulatory cornpliance.

                              Report out perfonnance metrics. dashboards.
                             monthly updates and issue progress to Intelnal

                            and Client, Bnsiness and IT leaders as and rvhen

                              reqtiired

                            Managing MDD operatols and MDD

                              Supewisors

                              To enable the conduct audits u4ren so ever
                              required.
                             Ensure all SLA metrics are met as per agreed
                             SLA norms
                             Review and facilitate updating and improving
                             all the needed processes
                             Support to production of various reports,
                             rnonitoring of perfonnance indicators and other
                             marla-qement statistic s, us ing mu ltip le resources
                             and preparing periodic reports on these.

                             Prepare concept notes, Reports. Presentation"
                            track systemic issues, and tbllow up on soltttion
                              development.

                            Assist in the preparation of training materials,

                             SOPs. and FAQs to support grievance handling.
                             Maintain accurate documentation and generate

                            MIS reports for internal review and legulatory

                              compliance.

                             Any other related task as may be required frorn
                             time to time.
