Software Architect

Position      Software Architect
Location      Tech Centre - Bangalore

 Experience,        • BE/ B Tech/M Tech /MCA
Educational
Qualificatio  Minimum Competency Requirement
n
                    a. Must have at least 5 years of hands-on ex p er i e n c e in
Job Profile
                         software

                                                                                                                                                                                                      •

                         architecture design and i mpl e. .tat'·i.on, in global projects or in software

                         product company.

                    b. Experience in software development using Java or J2EE, Spring, Sprin

                    Boot, Hibernate, Mule, RMQ, equiyalent open source technol gies;

              c. Must have comprehensive knowledge of overall software architecture

                    and software engineering methodologies, principles and practices;

              d. Has strong experience in web or mobile application development, dat

                    structures and algorithms, threads and session management, etc.;

              e. Should have successfully architected at least one.large mission-critical,

                    large transaction volume, high perfonnance computing projects usint

                    open source technologies;                 • •• • • •

              f. Good working knowledge of high availability databases, micro-services,

              g. middleware;

              h. Experience in lT infrastructure assessment and gap analysis of large

                    mission critical and complex enterprise techno.logy suites, involvin!

                    digital transformation and automation of exist.fr bu.siness processes;

              i. Has strong understanding of Agile development methodology
                   Responsible for recommending suitable technology solutions fot

                    individual application modules and components.

                    Working with Managed Service Provider & Business for requirement,5

                    analysis & design (TRDs,BRDs, FSDs, HLD , lADs, RCAs)

                    Reviewing LLDs, Test• Cases & Rep rt .s.L s and.Reiease/Buil(

                    Documents.                                                                 ·

                    Prepare,· Review arid Approve •• Design documents• for application

                    development and enhancements to individual modules, in adherence to

                    all architecture principles. • •• • • • • • '• • • ••                   •

                    Working with project manager, test .Manager, Leads, Staging team and

                    UAT team for projec.t pl._a ning & de. )ivery :process com. pliance ..a·-n. c·-.
                                               •• •

                    SLA adherence                                                              .,

                    Working with Tech support/Ops/Apps teams to ,troubleshoot/resolv

                    incidents

                                                     -.. '.:
Working with Ops/Apps/Release teams for production deployment
Coordinating with Security team for CISONA and secure code review
Coordinating with Infra team for servers, storage and access needs
Coordinate with Business/HQ for requirements, issue resolution, release
rollouts,trainings, demos, reports/updates/presentations.
Responsible for providing maintenance support to enrolment clients
which includesdevelopment, testing, deployment and release
Responsible for supporting UIDAI in the design, build and deployment
of high-availability open source middleware and database systems;
Monitoring & analyzing the hold packets, analyzing aged packet and
clearing them on priority basis with the help of CIDR Ops &
Maintenance teams.
Responsibilities assigned by UIDAI from time to time.
